# game_ai
AI Project

First of all, I just want to explain myself. (You can pass this If you just want to gain information about technical things. This paragraph tells about the story of it.)
I want to make any contribution for a better world so I'm trying the best that I can. I was learning about computer vision and image processing, there were some projects that I follow about image processing + AI. Also there was a game on telegram, named as Lumberjack, and I saw that my friends are playing it to beat each other. I wanted to make an Artifical Intelligence project for playing this game. This challenge wasn't for beating all of my friends, this was a challenge for myself to build my first AI model. Although I can't remember exactly, this project took nearly 3-4 hours from me to do it. In these hours, I've ran into a lot of problems but I solved them somehow :D Sometimes there were times when artifical intelligence could not play the game even though it worked flawlessly. If you are here and you are also new at this journey, I'm here to say "do not give up". I'm really not the person to tell you this already, I'm so new at this journey as well but just in case, don't give up and just try one more time at those situations. Now I'm in a project team and I'm trying to develope algorithms for image processing again. We were going to start 2 new projects with a team and they were about processing and classifying images. Then I showed this project to my teammates and said that "we should do something like this I guess". This project is not hard or not complex to understand however they were shocked just because this project is very suitable for the other project in terms of mechanism, structure etc. They wanted from me to upload this project to my github, there are so many people who upload their project I know but I didn't find this project much important for uploading. When I asked to any people "Should I add this to my git profile" they said "As for sure you should" so I'm adding this. I wanted to clarify myself and my way. I hope that I will be beneficial to humanity, to science. Thank you for your time If you read these all.



About project.
I made this project to take my first step into artifical intelligence. This project has 3 phases in terms of getting data, training model, playing the game. This game was Lumberjack from Telegram. In the codes I'm explaining everything with command lines. When you look into the codes you will see "mon". This is a variable that I stated for recording my computer's screen's little part. This part will change at the other monitors maybe. You just have to change this values for doing it suitable to yourself. You can find the best values for yourself with shotting the screen of the game and looking the coordinates from paint :P Good luck!




Neden ingilizce? (This is just for Turkish people who will visit this project. Do not mind this If you are not.)
Buradan bunu okuyacak türklere de selam olsun öncelikle :)) Git'e bir şeyler yüklediğim için dilinin de ingilizce olması gerektiğini düşündüm. İlk defa git'e bir şey yüklediğim için paylaşım konusunda nasıl bir ortam olduğunu ben de yeni deneyimleyeceğim. İnsanların gelip benim projeme nasılmış acaba diye bakacağını düşündüğümden değil de, projenin kendisi yapay zekaya girişime bir adım olduğu gibi git'e girişime de bir adım olsun istedim. Kodların içindeki açıklamalarım da bu dosyadaki çoğunluk da ingilizce olmuş oldu. Bir çok grammar hatası yapmış olabilirim zaten :D ama aşırı basit bir ingilizceyle yazdığımı düşünüyorum anlaşılır diye umut ediyorum. Herkese kolay gelsin!!
